{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 PTSerif-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It\'92s been rumored for a long time now, but today we have official confirmation that Margot Robbie has joined Quentin Tarantino\'92s {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dreadcentral.com/tag/once-upon-a-time-in-hollywood/"}}{\fldrslt 
\i\b Once Upon a Time in Hollywood}} as Sharon Tate.\
On top of that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://deadline.com/2018/05/quentin-tarantino-burt-reynolds-george-spahn-manson-ranch-owner-tim-roth-kurt-russell-michael-madsen-once-upon-a-time-in-hollywood-sony-1202385014/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Deadline}} reports Tarantino is in talks with Burt Reynolds, Tim Roth, Kurt Russel, and Michael Madsen to join the already cast Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt.\
While all of this casting news is exciting, what grabs me the most is Kurt Russell. I know Russell has already worked with Tarantino\'a0on multiple\'a0occasions\'a0(Stuntman Mike!) but I\'92m a huge fan of Russell\'92s John Carpenter films so basically anytime he gets cast in a flick I get ten types of excited.\
Are you excited for this ninth from\'a0by Quentin Tarantino? Make sure to let us know what you think in the comments below or on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/DreadCentral/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Facebook}},{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/DreadCentral?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor"}}{\fldrslt 
\b  Twitter}}, and/or{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.instagram.com/dreadcentral/?hl=en"}}{\fldrslt 
\b  Instagram}}!\
Tarantino\'92s film has been referred to as a Pulp Fiction-like tapestry of stories with characters around L.A. that summer. The studio has set it for 
\b August 9, 2019.
\b0 \

\b Synopsis:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 A story that takes place in Los Angeles in 1969, at the height of hippy Hollywood. The two lead characters are Rick Dalton (DiCaprio), former star of a Western TV series, and his longtime stunt double Cliff Booth (Pitt). Both are struggling to make it in a Hollywood they don\'92t recognize anymore. But Rick has a very famous next-door neighbor\'85Sharon Tate.}