{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green57\blue57;\red9\green78\blue192;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
But Cilic didn't post any standout wins on the dirt. His win over Nadal in the quarters of the Australian Open has an asterisk because Nadal retired in the fifth set of that excruciatingly close contest. Cilic's other win over Nadal also was on a hard court -- way back in 2009 in Beijing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.espn.com/sports/tennis/players/profile?playerId=1287"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Grigor Dimitrov}}
\b : 9-5 on clay, 1-11 vs. Nadal
\b0 \
Fans tend to love Dimitrov's explosive, exuberant one-handed backhand. But as one Tennis Channel commentator said on air last week: "No right-hander with a one-handed backhand is going to beat Nadal on red clay." Dimitrov, ranked No. 5, is a spectacular shot-maker, so you can't count him out. But his game isn't quite big enough to smother Nadal's, and Dimitrov falls a little short in the patience and attention-span departments -- as his so-so clay record suggests.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.espn.com/sports/tennis/players/profile?playerId=284"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Juan Martin del Potro}}
\b : 7-3 on clay, 5-9 vs. Nadal
\b0 \
There's something about No. 6-ranked del Potro. He showed it again at the Indian Wells final, where he outlasted defending champion {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.espn.com/sports/tennis/players/profile?playerId=425"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Roger Federer}} in a third-set tiebreaker to win. Delpo is fearless. He feels entitled. He steps up. His rivals at the top know it too. And that can make a world of difference. He has a devastating serve and a forehand that can jar an opponent's fillings loose. The big question: Will del Potro's damaged wrists stand up to the punishment and deliver those power two-handed backhands? He has a decent record against Nadal (relatively speaking), but none of those wins was on clay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.espn.com/sports/tennis/players/profile?playerId=1852"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Dominic Thiem}}
\b , 24-6 on clay, 2-6 vs. Nadal
\b0 \
Thiem, ranked No. 7, is the last man to beat Nadal on red dirt. He did it last year on the relatively fast, golden clay of Rome. True, he's a right-hander with a one-handed backhand. But it's his vision of the game rather than his palette of strokes that lifts Thiem above the pack. Like Nadal, he's a true clay-courter. He's willing to grind all day. He plays from the nether regions of the court. He takes huge cuts, produces a lot of spin and has the stamina of a bull. A victim of his own precocious success, the powerful Austrian, 24, has nine ATP titles.}