{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red19\green89\blue126;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Coaches and front office personnel cannot mention specific players by name when talking about impending free agents. That\'92s not how it works in professional sports. In the NBA, it\'92s called tampering and will be met with swift penalties by the powers to be in the league office.\
In toeing the line between tampering and giving us insight into what their summer plans might be, Philadelphia 76ers head coach Brett Brown and general manager\'a0Bryan Colangelo made it clear who the team is going to be targeting in free agency. Without naming names, it\'92s none other than LeBron James.\
\'93I\'92m not here to tell names. To me, the answer becomes clear,\'94 Brown said when asked about the team\'92s free agent targets, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theathletic.com/351065/2018/05/11/brown-and-colangelo-cant-actually-say-it-but-top-high-level-free-agent-target-for-sixers-is-clear-lebron-james/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 via The Athletic\'92s Derek BoDner}}. \'93It\'92s true though, right? I mean, like, we don\'92t have to turn this into calculus. It\'92s quite clear.\'94\
Brown went on to note that he thinks \'93another high-level free agent is required.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sportsnaut.com/2018/04/blazers-star-thinks-lebron-james-to-the-sixers-is-a-strong-possibility/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Philadelphia itself has been linked to LeBron James}} on multiple occasions over the past several weeks. Following a conference semifinals exit at the hands of the Boston Celtics, it\'92s rather clear that the Sixers view it to be a necessity to target James this summer.\
For his part, Colangelo followed Brown\'92s comments up with an interesting statement of his own.\
\'93I think we need help to win a championship,\'94 the executive said. \'93To say that this group can do it now? They obviously proved they couldn\'92t. Adding another talent and another piece is certainly something that we\'92re striving for,\'94\
Despite boasting a young core that includes two of the game\'92s most talented players in Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons, it\'92s hard to argue with this logic.\
If the Sixers were able to add James to the mix, they\'92d immediately become overwhelming conference title favorites. They also have the ability to sign James to a max deal with the right corresponding moves this summer.\
It\'92s now rather obvious Philadelphia will target James. Whether signing him actually comes to fruition remains to be seen. But expect the team to pull out all of the stops here.}