{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Previously announced for the meet were U.S. Olympians\'a0
\b Ryan Lochte
\b0  and\'a0
\b Caeleb Dressel
\b0 , both of whom train (now as professionals) at the University of Florida.\
Dressel, who is swimming under the flag of the Bolles School Sharks club team that he represented as a high school swimmer, has 6 entries for the meet: the 50 free, 100 free, 200 free, 100 breast, 100 back, and 200 IM.\
The 50 free and 100 free are a part of his typical international long course schedule. He\'92s not entered in the 100 fly, where he\'92s the defending World Champion, however. Instead, he\'92s picked up the 100 breaststroke ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/caeleb-dressel-breaks-american-ncaa-records-100-breast/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 where in yards he broke the NCAA Record at SECs}}, before Ian Finnerty broke it at NCAAs); the 200 IM ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/youve-never-seen-anything-like-this-before-dressel-138-video/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 where he did the same}}); and the 200 free, that he swam at last year\'92s Summer Nationals in 1:47 (but is seeded with a 1:55.00 that he\'92s never actually swum).\
The 33-year old Lochte is swimming a much thinner schedule. He\'92s entered in the 200 free, 400 IM, and 100 fly at the meet.\
Among the new names entered include Olympic breaststroker\'a0
\b Molly Hannis
\b0 , who trains with the post-grad group at Tennessee. She\'92s entered in the 100 breaststroke and the 50 free, but no 200 breaststroke (where she represented the U.S. at the 2016 Olympic Games).\
Canadian 17-year old\'a0
\b Penny Oleksiak
\b0  will also be at the meet, representing the Gator Swim Club (she trains in Canada at the Toronto Swim Club). She hasn\'92t raced since winning a trio of silver medals in relay at the Commonwealth Games in Australia last month. The Olympic 100 free champion is entered in 5 races: the 50 free, 100 free, 200 free, 100 fly, and 200 fly. That 200 fly isn\'92t a race she swims often \'96 in fact, according to the Canadian times database, she hasn\'92t raced it since February 2016.}