{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green82\blue135;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After all the trades, all the signings and all the talk of \'93The Process,\'94 history found a way to repeat itself. The Cleveland Cavaliers and Boston Celtics are clashing once again in the Eastern Conference Finals with a spot in the NBA Finals on the line. These fierce rivals have faced each other three times in the last four years with the Cavaliers getting the best of Boston in each showdown. On paper, it appears this year will yield the same result, but the Celtics have a trio of young players making a name for themselves early in their careers.\
After losing Gordon Hayward early in the season and Kyrie Irving late in the year, Boston looked to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/jayson_tatum_is_making_a_living_in_the_clutch/s1_13132_25419548"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Jayson Tatum}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/jaylen_brown_can_only_control_so_much_and_that_39s_ok/s1_13132_26065013"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Jaylen Brown}} and Terry Rozier to pick up the slack. They have delivered.\
None of the three players top 25 years old but have combined to average 53.9 of the team\'92s 104.1 points per game this postseason. Tatum and Brown have shown the ability to step up during the regular season, but Rozier has played like a man unchained since Irving went down. The Louisville product has poured in 18.2 points and 5.8 assists per game in the playoffs while shooting 39.6 percent from three-point range. With the full backing of head coach Brad Stevens, Rozier has blossomed.\
Stevens\'92 magical touch isn\'92t only applied to the young core of the Celtics. He\'92s also proved to be a master tactician, especially against the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/the_young_76ers_face_first_major_test_of_the_post_39process_39_era/s1_13132_26328737"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Philadelphia 76ers}}. He pulled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/joel_embiid_and_the_displacement_of_fundamental_truths/s1_13132_25165748"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Joel Embiid}} away from the rim on defense to limit his impact as a shot blocker and took away {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/follow_ben_simmons_as_he_leads_us_to_the_unknown_future_of_the_nba/s1_13132_25017434"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Ben Simmons}}\'92 effectiveness in transition by having a secondary defender backing up whoever was checking the Australian wunderkind. The Celtics are going to need that kind of genius to stop one of the greatest players to ever grace an NBA court.\
LeBron James wasn\'92t supposed to take Cleveland far. Aside from Kevin Love, the Cavaliers lacked a consistent third option he could lean on for production. As it turns out, James\'92 back had plenty of room to carry his team to the conference finals.\
Not only does he lead the NBA with 34.3 points per game in the playoffs, but James is adding 9.4 rebounds and nine assists per contest as well \'97 all while still trying to find his three-point shot. The 33-year-old legend has added to his legacy with two buzzer-beaters to move ahead of Michael Jordan for most game-winning, last-second shots in the playoffs. Try saying he\'92s not clutch now.\
}