{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red39\green63\blue153;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Whatever the reason, the resulting game was simple yet enjoyable: it didn\'92t feel like a Yu Suzuki game, but then again, none of the 8-bit ports of his games quite captured the pounding music and lurching movements of the arcade machines. In their place, you had sweet jumps, hazards to avoid, engine upgrades, and a surprisingly small selection of tracks - five in total, in fact. And then the ending kicks in.\
To this day, we\'92re not quite sure why Enduro Racer on the Sega Master System ends with what reads like a Japanese poem about the meaning of existence. Most of the time in 80s games, a lengthy play session concluded with a static screen and a word or two - something like \'93Congraturation!\'94 or, \'93A winner is you!\'94.\
Instead, Enduro Racer, after congratulating you for completing all the stages, goes off on its philosophical ramble.\
Here\'92s that text in full:\
\'93Enduro\'94 is a symbolic journey through life via the media of a race.\
The results are insignificant and what really counts is competing.\
Of particular importance are the lessons to be learned concerning one\'92s self from the various encounters you experience along the way.\
There is no victor or loser in this test of endurance.\
The only thing that really matters is that you make a commitment to begin the long and trying trek.\
This game is then dedicated to all of the \'93life riders\'94 who have started out on the solitary trip to find their own individual limits.\
Last, but not least, may we sincerely congratulate you on a perfect run.\
Exactly who wrote Enduro Racer\'92s Master System ending appears to be lost to history. All we know is that it\'92s unique to Sega\'92s 8-bit console; the arcade version doesn\'92t have it, and as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.c64endings.freeolamail.com/endings/e/enduroracer/enduroracer.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 this website}} reveals, the Commodore 64 version ends with a half-hearted, \'93Goal in!\'94\
Still, it\'92s an ending that certainly sticks in the mind, and to this day, we occasionally think about it and wonder how on earth it ended up there.\
But, you know what, Enduro Racer? You\'92re right. Making the commitment to the long and trying trek is all that matters. We\'92re going to become proper life riders and take up running again. We\'92re going to take the solitary trip and find our own individual limits. Right after we\'92ve spent a couple more hours sitting on the sofa, playing Sega games and drinking beer.}