{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green21\blue21;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Julian Rosefeldt looked at a blank piece of paper. His mind may have been running with images, thoughts, projections, but he did not intend to record them, not exactly. He did not intend anything in fact, nothing in particular.\
Instead, he wrote on the page to practice a technique known to have inspired the maiden ventures of his predecessors who rode the first wave of surrealist filmmaking. He followed the methodical madness of his intellectual forebears Luis Bunuel and Salvador Dali by partaking in automatic writing.\
It is a creative method that goes deeper than the stream-of-consciousness prose style that developed into a literary genre with Virginia Woolf's reclusive feminism, Jack Kerouac's speed-induced scrolls, and lately Mathias Enard's novel-length sentences. It confronts the unsettling and revealing powers of the subconscious, and opens to what the psychologist Carl Jung called the collective unconscious.\
What came out under the eye of Rosefeldt was gold. And that is partly the title of his earliest film shown for his first solo exhibition in Istanbul, an 18-minute, black-and-white amoral romp of Rabelaisian human satire called "Deep Gold" (2013-14).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 On golden-age thinking
\b0 \
The surrealist masterpiece, L'Age D'Or (1930) by Bunuel and Dali begins like a documentary about scorpions. Its dark, entomological focus is akin to the experimental video artist Ali Mahmut Demirel, who is currently exhibiting "Isle" at Arter's third-floor gallery on \uc0\u304 stiklal Avenue in Istanbul's historic, commercial core through July 15. In his unpeopled flash of cinematic genius, "The Pier" (2015), he zones in on a mosquito against dirty glass overlooking the foamy churn of the gray ocean below. His transcendental narrative sensibility is in some ways parallel to Rosefeldt, an artist of the moving image who has the eye of a feature filmmaker, although they diverge when it comes to exposition and influence.\
No one with the faculty of sight and a sound mind should trust Rosefeldt. In one word, "Deep Gold" is counterintuitive. It is painful, wrenching, deceiving, captivating, enlightening. Finally, it is good, artistic fun. To say creative is an understatement. He is visionary, reviving a time when film was new media, as its chief seers and eager onlookers were mesmerized by it as a potential means to break the conventions of prevailing formalisms.\
\
}