{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After Crisera was the big story on Friday, it was\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/tag/elise-garcia/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 Elise Garcia}} of Crean Lutheran and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/tag/emily-trieu/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 Emily Trieu}} of Los Osos who were the big performers on Saturday, each earning two individual wins. Garcia started with a win in the 50 free, touching in 22.71, with teammate\'a0
\b Mandy Brenner
\b0  maintaining her runner-up position in 23.37. About 25 minutes later Garcia dipped below the 53-second barrier in the 100 fly, winning by a landslide in 52.92.\'a0
\b Autumn D\'92Arcy
\b0  of Redlands took 2nd in 54.78.\
Trieu started with a win in the 200 IM, easily defending her top seed in 2:00.26 as she won by over three seconds. Then, in perhaps the upset of the meet, she took down Crisera in the 100 back, going 53.21 to Crisera\'92s 53.71. Crisera had broken the meet record in prelims at 52.87. Both Trieu and her teammate\'a0
\b Casslyn Treydte
\b0  proved key once again in propelling Los Osos to a pair of relay wins, as they took both the 200 free and 400 free. In the 200, Trieu led off in 22.80 and Treydte anchored in 22.95 as they beat Mira Costa by over a second in 1:35.11. In the 400 free relay, the two led off and anchored in the same order in times of 50.29 and 49.97 as they stormed to the victory in 3:26.56.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/tag/samantha-pearson/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 Samantha Pearson}} of Foothill had a strong showing on the day as well, winning the 200 free in 1:46.27 (with Treydte 2nd) and finishing as the runner-up to Crisera in the 100 free in 49.33. Crisera went 48.92 to win that event, missing her own meet record by .05. Pearson also led off Foothill\'92s 200 medley relay in 25.52 as they ended up tying with Redlands for the win at 1:45.17. Redlands had a blazing 24.36 fly split from D\'92Arcy.\
The other victors on the day were Redlands\'92\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/tag/liberty-williams/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 Liberty Williams}} and Diamond Bar\'92s\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/tag/kelsey-lloyd/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 Kelsey Lloyd}}. Williams won the 500 free in 4:48.87, out-sprinting Treydte at the end who was 4:49.26 for 2nd. Lloyd took the 100 breast in 1:02.92, with 2nd going to Glendora\'92s\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://swimswam.com/tag/jackie-basham/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 Jackie Basham}} (1:03.26).}