{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Year Three, Season Two of Rainbow Six Siege is highlighted\'a0by a new operation called Operation Para Bellum ("Prepare for War"). Aside from a new piece of art that shows two soldiers trudging through a field of wheat in what appears to be rural Italy, Ubisoft is refraining from releasing too much information specifically related to the upcoming operation. However,\'a0some fans have noticed that the two soldiers in the picture resemble the leaked upcoming operatives, Maestro and Alibi. It also seems that the Italian vineyard they are heading towards will likely be the game's next competitive map. The developers have previously stated that Siege's next map will be the game's most "competitive" to date.\'a0\
Operation Para Bellum will also introduce a new "intel gadget," map alterations to Clubhouse designed to improve it slightly, a Pick and Ban setting for custom modes that should help add an extra layer of strategy to those games by allowing teams to ban operative selections, a new defusing animation, and an array of technical improvements. There's no confirmation of what the intel gadget Ubisoft\'a0refers to is, but the popular theory is that it's a bulletproof camera that's been floating around the game's test servers. While that camera isn't nearly as versatile as some of the other cameras in the game, it cannot be damaged by bullets and is capable of relaying images through smoke.\'a0\
}