{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The first of the three was the long-in-gestation John Carter, based on the Egdar Rice Burroughs John Carter Of Mars stories. Jon Favreau, who more recently would direct the live action The Jungle Book (and is now working on the live action The Lion King) initially spent a lot of time developing the project. In time, though, he backed away from it, and eventually, it landed at the door of Finding Nemo and Wall-E director, Andrew Stanton.\
It was a massive endeavour he took on too, describing the process as effectively making two movies: the live action material, that shot in 2010, and then what felt to him like an animated movie between then and the film\'92s 2012 release. The end result wasn\'92t cheap, and Stanton found himself on the press tour regularly fielding questions about the reported $250m price tag for the negative. Still, Disney had its eyes on more films in the series, and John Carter certainly set up two sequels.\
But alarm bells started to ring ahead of that early 2012 release when the marketing campaign didn\'92t seem to be connecting. As Stanton would reflect of the months leading up to the film\'92s release, "there was this weird air the summer before of schadenfreude, of doomed to fail". It then didn\'92t help that the film itself got critically mauled by a good number of reviewers, although it still certainly found those who appreciated and enjoyed what Stanton had done with the material.\
But for Disney \'96 and this was months before the first Avengers movie would turn its head and tentpole strategy \'96 it gave the impression of a studio who didn\'92t quite know what to do with the movie. And when it landed, it struggled. In fact, within just a week or two of the film\'92s release, the headlines were talking of Disney looking at a $200m write down on the movie (a number that was disputed, but the headline stuck).\
}