{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green36\blue56;\red241\green154\blue12;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In an interview with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ew.com/movies/2018/05/04/uma-thurman-work-with-quentin-tarantino-forgiveness/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Entertainment Weekly}}, Uma Thurman considered if she would ever work with Quentin Tarantino, her director on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cinemablend.com/new/Quentin-Tarantino-Original-Pulp-Fiction-Casting-Wish-List-Really-Intriguing-82607.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\i\b \cf3 Pulp Fiction}} and the 
\i Kill Bill
\i0  films, again following her accident on the set of 
\i Kill Bill: Vol. 2
\i0 . The answer was yes, but only if it were a good part and they were "both in the right place." However, Thurman went on to note that she didn't think that was likely to happen, given Tarantino's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cinemablend.com/news/1581349/quentin-tarantino-comments-on-his-retirement-plans"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 plan to retire}} after he makes his tenth film. The award-winning director is currently working on his {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cinemablend.com/news/2408221/quentin-tarantino-teases-manson-family-movie-once-upon-a-time-in-hollywood"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 ninth movie}}: a 1960s-set film using the Charles Manson films as a backdrop. Should he stick to his plan (which Thurman thinks he is likely to do) then the two would not have time to work together again.\
In addition to claiming sexual assault allegations against {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cinemablend.com/news/1711769/producer-harvey-weinstein-fired-from-the-weinstein-company-for-misconduct"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Harvey Weinstein}}, Uma Thurman detailed the car accident back in February to the Times. Thurman alleges that she was pressured into doing a car stunt that she was uncomfortable with. The actress then sustained injuries after the car veered off course during a take. Footage of the incident was made public, which Tarantino had helped Thurman find prior to her interview.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 According to Keith Adams, the stunt coordinator for the film, no stunts were scheduled for that day, and no one on the stunt team was notified that Uma Thurman would be driving a vehicle. Had he been notified, Adams said he would have recommended a professional driver get behind the wheel of a roadworthy vehicle.\
In a later {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instagram.com/p/Be0x6OCFRwQ/?utm_source=ig_embed"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Instagram}} post, Thurman wrote that she didn't blame Tarantino for the incident and that Tarantino was "deeply regretful and remains remorseful about this sorry event." Tarantino himself later opened up about the incident to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://deadline.com/2018/02/quentin-tarantino-uma-thurman-harvey-weinstein-kill-bill-car-crash-new-york-times-1202278988/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Deadline}}, saying that they had not considered it a stunt at the time; just driving. Thurman had to drive down a straight narrow road with foliage on both sides at about 35 mph. He said that is was "one of the biggest regrets of my life" and that "a trust was broken" between himself and Thurman.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \
}